[20:04]Nachimir:Nottinghack meeting about to begin, 02/01/2012. Roll call: James H, David H, David C, Lionel G, Matt L, Kate B, Dominic M, Craig P, Daniel S, Michael E, Matt Ll, Justin S, Gill Z, Ian, Andy C. No non-members. Jake H sends apologies.
[20:04]Nachimir:Russell joins.
[20:04]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:04]Nachimir:Actions update
[20:04]Nachimir:1. Bank access for Matt Lloyd. Not done yet.
[20:04]Nachimir:2. Liase with other hackspaces - in progress.
[20:04]Nachimir:3. Festivus party: Done
[20:06]Nachimir:(Mouse joins) 4. Obtain quote for cleaner - not done.
[20:06]Nachimir:5. Pick up six crates of club mate from manchester.
[20:06]Nachimir:Not done.
[20:07]Nachimir:6. Draft expenses policy for board - done. Put on mailing list - not done.
[20:07]Nachimir:7. Produce: This is hackspace video - cutaways still to do.
[20:07]Nachimir:8. Get quotes for hackspace stickers - Kate and David C have got some. Don't know what they're looking for yet.
[20:09]Nachimir:(Discussion of sticker sizes and types)
[20:10]Nachimir:9. Cost new shelves for members room - not done.
[20:11]Nachimir:Members room is now full, no more room for boxes. Matt Ll: Probably about £30.
[20:11]Nachimir:10. Pay David C expenses for wood lathe
[20:11]Nachimir:11. Talk to Wendy about wood lathe expenses. Both not done.
[20:12]Nachimir:12. Email list regarding historic wood lathe pledges. Done
[20:12]Nachimir:David C to update wiki.
[20:12]Nachimir:13. Review pillar drill pledge and assess suitable options. Joe D on it.
[20:12]Nachimir:14. Buy more ear defenders - not done.
[20:13]Nachimir:15. Buy mask and filters for spray booth. Not done, but full face mask has been dropped off with booth. Just needs filters.
[20:13]Nachimir:16. Guidance for new members - half done.
[20:14]Nachimir:17. Buy initial stock of fixings and new parts drawer. Not completed, some prep done.
[20:15]Nachimir:Radford road Maplin: Doing sets of drawers for electronic components. Told David to come back in the new year, called dibs on it.
[20:15]Nachimir:Reminder for Russell - said would sort out canister for gas welding.
[20:16]Nachimir:18. Prep documentation for young hackers and send to list - most of way there, about to post to list.
[20:16]Nachimir:3. Financial update
[20:16]Nachimir:No. Not ready.
[20:16]Nachimir:4. Lone workers.
[20:17]Nachimir:What if someone has an accident in the space? Might not be discovered quickly. Don't want to have crazy proscriptive lone worker policy like some schools and workshops, but we should have some ability. Thoughts?
[20:17]Nachimir:Matt L: What's the difference between this and me working in my shed? Are we liable?
[20:18]Nachimir:Russell: I think it's the other way around, it's more about enabling a lone worker to be safe.
[20:19]Nachimir:Such as a push button for emergency calls.
[20:21]Nachimir:Lionel: Like mountaineering, someone knows you've gone. Dominic: No, that's just common sense. We're talking about a button you might give to someone. James, David: Common sense guidance might be the place to start. Dominic: Is that enough? Michael E: Yes. If that's given and people ignore it,t hat's on them.
[20:22]Nachimir:Dominic: Emergency response is a next step. Craig: At what point do we become responsible? If we offer a service and it doesn't work. Dominic: No, better to provide a thing rather than say "We didn't provide a thing because we were afraid it might fail".
[20:24]Nachimir:Michael E: Because its such a broad area of discussion with so many things in there, should we get some broad consensus on a range of policies. Most extreme: Not allowed at all. Next: Some tools are not allowed. Next: Some kind of notification system "I am working on dangerous tool 1" and if not notified that work has ceased in three hours, calling EMS. "I'm working on this tool, expect me to call you back within an hour".
[20:24]Nachimir:Dominic: There are people you can hire for those sort of notifications.
[20:24]Nachimir:Michael: We could just have a policy that's under continual review, and notification systems can be worked on later.
[20:25]Nachimir:Russell: Mentions push button alarms.
[20:27]Nachimir:Vote between physical system and guidance: 5 for, 2 abstentions.
[20:27]Nachimir:Matt L: Not for physical system, has seen them fail.
[20:27]Nachimir:We've had no guidance at all so far.
[20:28]Nachimir:Andy: People who want to ignore it can ignore it, people who want to use it can use it.
[20:29]Nachimir:David H: Points to guidance, people work out what works for them (text wife, friend etc.)
[20:29]Nachimir:James H: Costs £6 per month for a pendant device.
[20:31]Nachimir:Small pendant mobile phone, can call up to three numbers, five minutes of free calls.
[20:31]Nachimir:Gill: If it's made prominent, has a home in the space, people can crawl to it etc.
[20:31]Nachimir:Various people point out a pendant would be bad to use with the lathe.
[20:32] RicBriney joined the chat room.
[20:32]Nachimir:Vote: About 2/3 for device. Dominic to research. (Action)
[20:32]Nachimir:5. Hack the space
[20:33]Nachimir:David C: This Sunday is hack the space day. Yet again I find myself occupied for most of the afternoon. Things to do: Major sort of donations pile. Sort back end of workshop so that it can be a more productive space. Will be here from 10:00 on Sunday morning.
[20:33]Nachimir:David H: Is there a to do list? That way someone else could take charge for the afternoon. David C: Will print something up.
[20:34]Nachimir:Kate: coming in to clean oven.
[20:35]Nachimir:3. Financial update
[20:35]LWK:Quick summary
[20:35]LWK:Start bank balance: £3,563.17
[20:35]LWK:Out: £2,172.31
[20:35]LWK:In: £1,681.04
[20:35]LWK:End: £3,071.90
[20:35]LWK:Paypal Start: £43.76
[20:35]LWK:Paypal End: £43.76
[20:35]LWK:Cash Start balance: £405.58
[20:35]LWK:Cash In: £??
[20:35]LWK:Cash Out: £??
[20:35]LWK:Cash End: £??
[20:35]LWK:Members
[20:35]LWK:Start: 135
[20:35]LWK:New: 5
[20:35]LWK:Ex: 3
[20:35]LWK:End: 137
[20:35]LWK:Average membership due: £12.61
[20:35]LWK:[edit]
[20:36]LWK:In/out Breakdown
[20:36]LWK:[edit]Outgoings
[20:36]LWK:BizSpace: £ 1,226.74
[20:36]LWK:Talk talk: £28.74
[20:36]LWK:Insurance: £65.39
[20:36]LWK:Loan: £208.33
[20:36]LWK:Other: £643.11
[20:36]LWK:[edit]Income
[20:36]LWK:Membership dues: £1,616.04
[20:36]LWK:Petty Cash Deposits: £
[20:36]LWK:Workshops: £
[20:36]LWK:Donations: £
[20:36]LWK:Events: £
[20:36]LWK:Pledges: £65.00
[20:38]Nachimir:(Mouse leaves, Michelle joins)
[20:38]Nachimir:(James F joins)
[20:38]Nachimir:Dominic: Discussion of member levels. Losing members; turnover healthy. Bigger we get, the more turnover there will be.
[20:40] CongoJoe joined the chat room.
[20:40]Nachimir:6. Donations: David C. Lots of junk "donated", old computers that are cluttering up donations pile, box room.
[20:40]Nachimir:David H: Do people actually use stuff from donations? Everyone: Yes.
[20:40]Nachimir:James: Sorting donations should be a regular hack the space to do.
[20:41]Nachimir:Dominic: Would like to get it down to the two boxes, and one will be thrown every month.
[20:41]Nachimir:7. Snackspace
[20:42]Nachimir:David C: How do we as a group want to see snackspace work? Restocking is too erratic at the moment.
[20:42]Nachimir:Dominic: Until recently, I was doing it every fortnight. I stopped doing it when I was told to stop buying stuff.
[20:42]Nachimir:Dominic: Partly, I just don't like going out in the cold
[20:43]Nachimir:Dominic: I agree to do it before next Wednesday, and possibly regularly.
[20:43]Nachimir:James H: Was thinking about this earlier. Getting to point where we're spending £150 - £200 every couple of weeks. Quite a lot, maybe it's time we started spending more money each run to get more stock?
[20:44]Nachimir:(cont.) Happy to go with Dominic and get more stuff together.
[20:45]Nachimir:Dominic: Until recently, we were using just the proceed from hackspace, I mean Snackspace, to fund hackspace, er, snackspace.
[20:45]Nachimir:David: I'm going to minute that verbatim.
[20:45]ral:
[20:46]Nachimir:Dominic: Then we started using petty cash too. We need a better system.
[20:47]Nachimir:Michelle: If you do go to buy a month's worth in one go, where are you going to keep it? James: We already store two weeks of stuff under the kitchen cabinet. Michelle: Would a month's worth fit? James: Can would, might have a problem with snacks. Dominic: We have plans to redo the kitchen anyway. James, Kate: Plenty of space to store stuff.
[20:51]Nachimir:8. Hackspace loan repayments.
[20:53]Nachimir:David H: An anoymous hackspace member offered us an interest free loan to pay surprise Bizspace bill last May. Given we've built up a surplus, it seems reasonable to pay that back at a higher rate than we've been doing. I know that member would appreciate it being paid back faster too.
[20:54]Nachimir:People suggest paying it off in four installments. Dominic: We potentially have more costs coming up. Action: Matt Lloyd to run numbers. General agreement from members.
[20:54]Nachimir:9. CNC machine
[20:55]Nachimir:Currently on loan from Ashfaq. Intends to sell it, and asked what it's worth to the hackspace.
[20:56]Nachimir:James: How much is it worth to us?
[20:56]Nachimir:Dominic: I think the machine is worth £400. With spindle: £600.
[20:57]Nachimir:Kate: I think we could easily run a two day CAD/milling workshop that would pay for the spindle.
[20:57]Nachimir:Matt Little: I think £400 is a reasonable offer.
[20:57] CongoJoe left the chat room. (Remote host closed the connection)
[20:58] CongoJoe joined the chat room.
[20:59]Nachimir:David and Matt L: Could we do pledges and match funding? (General assent)
[21:00]Nachimir:James H: Asks David to talk to Ash (Action: Yes).
[21:01]Nachimir:10. Company Memberships.
[21:03]Nachimir:Firstly, a few members pay from companies.could they get receipts? Secondly, larger companies want to pay for group memberships, i.e. Matt Trivett's suggestion of Broadway paying for memberships for visiting artists.
[21:04]Nachimir:Matt Ll: Receipts not VAT, but doable.
[21:04]Nachimir:James: Problem of us putting a specific value on membership.
[21:04]Nachimir:Dominic: I think we can put a value on a corporate membership card, with a named person using it for a month.
[21:06]Nachimir:James H: Action, David H and Dominic to draft corporate guidance.
[21:07]Nachimir:Kate: We do it on a company by company basis.
[21:07]Nachimir:Dominic: Suggest we do it with Broadway for a year on a trial basis.
[21:08]Nachimir:Matt L: Suggest we go back to broadway and ask "What do you think it's worth?", James F: As long as Broadway are involved in negotiation, then it's not us setting a elvel.
[21:08]Nachimir:Dominic: Yes, but probably some value for a company in effectively having a price list.
[21:09]Nachimir:We need to look at ways to approach these things.
[21:09]Nachimir:11. Knitting machine
[21:10]Nachimir:Dominic: We have three knitting machines in various states of repair. Friend of Marcus, Matt and I works with sewing machines and a chap who fixes them. Would like to hire him in to look at repairing them.
[21:10]Nachimir:Kate: Think only one is broken, two are serviceable. Problem is that Gee can only come here every once in a while.
[21:11]Nachimir:Dominic: think we should have machines all serviced and put an ad out to get someone in to do a demonstration for us.
[21:11]Nachimir:James: So are you proposing to do it, or get a quote? Dominic: Get a quote.
[21:11]nh-holly:Door Opened by: kmqz (last seen 27d 21h 41m 22s ago)
[21:11]Nachimir:Kate: Can do better than ad in paper.
[21:12]Nachimir:Dominic: Want to go out and find people to bring activities in here that we're lacking. Pay people to do it.
[21:12]Nachimir:Kate: Problem is that most local groups aren't willing to do it outside of their own place.
[21:13]Nachimir:(Marcus joins).
[21:13]Nachimir:James: I think servicing the most important thing at this time.
[21:13]Nachimir:Action: Dominic to get quote.
[21:13]Nachimir:(Marcus leaves)
[21:13]Nachimir:12. A.O.B.
[21:13]Nachimir:(Marcus joins).
[21:14]Nachimir:David C: What information to we have about members? Relates to clearing up the workshop, abandoned projects, etc.
[21:15]CongoJoe:Dont know if IRC people can join in bt
[21:15]CongoJoe:But can I ask about the Pilar drill?
[21:15]Nachimir:Contacted member, via email on mailing list, regarding something he thought was an abandoned hack. Reply, three weeks later: Uh, yes. Probably not going to do it, but have another idea. If not back to it by January, please use. But also said email was out of date.
[21:16]CongoJoe:If there are no other suggestions are the board happy for me to order it at the end of the week and settle up when I'm back?
[21:17]Nachimir:David C: What system do we have for making sure member details are up to date?
[21:17]Nachimir:Dominic: Issue is more that we need to make sure of a hack is left for too long, it can be trashed without asking.
[21:18]Nachimir:Time approaching where space is going to be more limited. Do Not Hack system is going to have to be fair, but tougher. Action: Dominic to post new guidance and get feedback on mailing list.
[21:19]markphelan:Is a hack log going to be too difficult to manage/maintain? ie register when a project is started/first stored and keep updated with progress and email the owner after a certain time to warn them it may be scrapped?
[21:19]Nachimir:AOB: Joe D asks: Are we happy for him to et the pillar drill? Answer: Yes.
[21:19]CongoJoe:Sweet, cheers
[21:19]Nachimir:Matt L: Actions: Could workshops 2013 go on the front page of the wiki?
[21:20]Nachimir:Mark: Probably best to raise that in the mailing list thread Dominic starts.
[21:20] DPSLWk__ joined the chat room.
[21:21]Nachimir:Michael E: Could I get board approval for Festivus beer? I paid for it, got some pledges. Vote: Yes.
[21:21]Nachimir:Marcus: Keeping up to date with stuff. Have been struggling to do recently.
[21:23]Nachimir:Attempt to start wiki page called "significant recent changes", I can't keep up and am massively busy. Would like help with it. James: post about it on list. More than happy to run another "How to use the wiki" workshop. Dominic: Probably a good job for a new member that wants to be more involved.
[21:24] LWK_win_ left the chat room. (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)
[21:26]Nachimir:Suggestion from Marcus and James: Space account, allowing anonymous editing of wiki from within the space (general agreement that it's a good idea).
[21:27]Nachimir:James H: Next Nottingham Hackspace AGM will be Thursday the 23rd of May. Board members standing down will be David H, James H, Matt Ll. All can stand for reelection if they want. Returning officer will be selected two months before AGM.
[21:27]Nachimir:Meeting adjourned.
