[20:04]Nachimir:Nottinghack Board meeting about to start, 4/4/2012
[20:04]msemtd_:present: NOT JAKE
[20:04]Nachimir:Roll call: 5 board members, Dominic remotely. Michael E, James H, David H, Matt Little, Matt Lloyd
[20:04]Nachimir:Kate B, Tom G, Andrew A, Hayley T, Gillian.
[20:05]Nachimir:2. Actions Update
[20:06]Nachimir:Draft constitution: Not done (All before done).
[20:07]Nachimir:Troublesome member process discussion: Closed, most pertinent parts will be brought to next board meeting.
[20:07]Nachimir:Member audit and code change: Done, 1 week notice of code change out tonight.
[20:08]Nachimir:Welding mask and supplies: Bought, pledges not collected yet.
[20:08]Nachimir:No update on spray booth.
[20:08]Nachimir:Minutes not added to wiki yet
[20:08]LWK_mac:some still not added
[20:08]Nachimir:No idea on Risograph, or project area, as Pat and Marcus not present.
[20:09]Nachimir:3. financial update
[20:09]LWK_mac:Start bank balance: £1,957.66
[20:09]LWK_mac:Out: £1,350.76
[20:09]LWK_mac:In: £1,380.91
[20:09]LWK_mac:End: £1,987.81
[20:09]LWK_mac:Paypal Start: £35.76
[20:09]LWK_mac:Paypal End: £35.76
[20:09]LWK_mac:Cash Start balance: £0.00
[20:09]LWK_mac:Cash In: £695.66
[20:09]LWK_mac:Cash Out: £473.99
[20:09]LWK_mac:Cash End: £221.67
[20:09]LWK_mac:[edit]Members
[20:09]LWK_mac:Start: 77
[20:09]LWK_mac:New: 2
[20:09]LWK_mac:Ex: 2
[20:09]LWK_mac:End: 77
[20:09]LWK_mac:Average membership due: £14.06
[20:09]LWK_mac:[edit]In/out Breakdown
[20:09]LWK_mac:[edit]Outgoings
[20:09]LWK_mac:BizSpace: £840.07
[20:09]LWK_mac:Talk talk: £28.74
[20:09]LWK_mac:Insurance: £65.39
[20:09]LWK_mac:Other: £276.37
[20:09]LWK_mac:[edit]Income
[20:09]LWK_mac:Membership dues: £1005.35
[20:09]LWK_mac:Petty Cash Deposits: £215.06
[20:09]LWK_mac:Workshops: £143
[20:09]LWK_mac:Donations: £
[20:09]LWK_mac:Events: £
[20:09]LWK_mac:Pledges: £17.50
[20:11]Nachimir:First time we've taken more than £1000 in a month in membership fees.
[20:12]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd: We've also started tracking cash in and out of the space properly, including donation, workshop fees, etc.
[20:12]Nachimir:James: Recent trip to Makro not included (£130 of supplie for snackspace), because that was in the first few days of April.
[20:14]Nachimir:4. AOB
[20:14]Nachimir:Michael E: It seems every month we have a load of crazy come up on the mailing list. We should have a review of everything that winds people up.
[20:15]Nachimir:James: Is that because you think the board meetings aren't long enough? <laughter>
[20:15]Nachimir:Michael: Discussions of security, CCTV, and a process by which we might have to ban bad 'uns have caused a lot of controversy. We should bring them to some sort of conclusion.
[20:15]Nachimir:James: Next board meeting should have a wash up for some of those.
[20:16]Nachimir:Dominic: The mailing list is kind of the place for that, because they can be protracted and have counterpoints, etc.
[20:16]Nachimir:Matt Little: Review of what's been discussed is not a bad thing.
[20:16]Nachimir:James: We have to be careful it doesn't kick off the arguments again.
[20:16] snim2 joined the chat room.
[20:17]Nachimir:Matt Little: I think we've got down that we're going to have a party on May 5th, to mark one year in the space.
[20:17]Nachimir:Kate: We're postponing it a week.
[20:17]Nachimir:James: We can't, because the trip to Southwold is the week after.
[20:18]Nachimir:Kate: The people organising it will be away.
[20:18]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:18]Nachimir:Motion to move the open day and party, general agreement.
[20:19]Nachimir:Dominic: Why not have it just before Maker Faire?
[20:20]Nachimir:Kate and David: You'll be organising too much stuff.
[20:20]Nachimir:(Various): Have a week before Maker Faire, 26th of May. That way, split up organisational load and have another opportunity to promote DMMF.
[20:22]Nachimir:James: Any other any other business?
[20:22]Nachimir:(Discussion about Rubik's workshop in Derby between Dominic and Michael E).
[20:25]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd: From the security email discussion. One thing on it was the rubbish hasp on the door. Mentioned £168 for panic bar and code lock. David Clarke manage to find the panic bar for £15, instead of £60. Matt wants to go ahead on getting the codelock to go with it for £81.50p + VAT and delivery.
[20:25] LWK_win joined the chat room.
[20:25]Nachimir:Matt Ll: Anything that uses a key will cost us the same in key cutting.
[20:26]Nachimir:No objections, motion passed.
[20:26]Nachimir:Kate: We could do with an event shelter. My work has them in stock, 12ft by 12ft, will be about £120.
[20:26]Nachimir:About a tenner per side for extra ones.
[20:27]Nachimir:Dominic: Not saying we shouldn't get it, but we have no events we'll need it for at the moment.
[20:27]Nachimir:Kate: Only mentioning it now because when we have them, they go quickly. It's also a professional one, so quite strong.
[20:27]Nachimir:Matt Little: I have a cheap one we can use. I don't think we should be buying one yet.
[20:28]Nachimir:Kate: will send round a link.
[20:28] LWK_win_ left the chat room. (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[20:28]Nachimir:James: The event Kate and Dominic ran brought in £208, so we should be aiming to do that every month if we can over summer.
[20:28]Nachimir:Dominic: Agree, but you have to have the events, which I don't see at the moment.
[20:29]Nachimir:Kate: I'll start researching Nottingham events that we can go to.
[20:29]ChickenGrylls:18? or 80?
[20:29]Nachimir:18
[20:29]ChickenGrylls:also who's doing the Rubik's cube
[20:29]Nachimir:Michael E.
[20:30]Nachimir:Matt: We need willing people to run events, and we need to make it easy for them.
[20:30]Nachimir:David H: Snienton market stall is £18 a day. If we wanted to build some support locally and had projects to show off, that would be very doable.
[20:30]ChickenGrylls:Derby Makers have been invited to the "Vintage" festival in Kettering
[20:30]ChickenGrylls:in July
[20:30]Nachimir:David to raise Snienton market on mailing list.
[20:33]Nachimir:Dominic: 1 item. Earlier, listed up the camping event in Southwold. Arranged with Tim Hunkin for 10 - 15 to go visit his workshop. £5 deposit on Eventbrite.
[20:33]Nachimir:Dominic holds James underpants up to webcam
[20:34]ChickenGrylls:shortest and oddest
[20:34]Nachimir:James: Any other any other any other business?
[20:34]Nachimir:No?
[20:34]Nachimir:Meeting adjourned.
