[20:03]Nachimir:Nottinghack meeting about to start, 03/10/2012.
[20:03]LWK:!temp
[20:03]nh-holly:ComfyArea : 18.5, BlueRoom : 19.75, Studio : 18.31, Fridge : 14.81
[20:03]LWK:!help
[20:03]nh-holly:?commands - List commands ripped off from London Hackspace
[20:03]nh-holly:!display "msg"- Display msg on the hackspace boards, use blank msg to clear
[20:03]nh-holly:!bell - Ring doorbell in hackspace
[20:03]nh-holly:!alert - Flash light next to matrix display
[20:03]nh-holly:!status - Best guess if the space is open
[20:03]nh-holly:!temp - Latest Temperature readings
[20:03]nh-holly:Temperature graphs: http://cacti.nottinghack.org.uk/graph_view.php
[20:03]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:04]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:07]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:09]Nachimir:Roll call, members present: David H, Dan W, Michael E, James H, Fi, Matt Ll, Justin, Jake H, Daniel, Craig P, Dominic M, Mouse, Adam F, Russel H.
[20:09]Nachimir:Non-members: Guy, Michael, Robin.
[20:09] msemtd joined the chat room.
[20:09]Nachimir:Number of trustees: 5.
[20:10]Nachimir:1. Actions
[20:10]Nachimir:David: Annual return done by Matt Ll.
[20:10]Nachimir:David: Member audit and code change: Done.
[20:10]Nachimir:Dominic: Engage cleaner: Not done.
[20:11]Nachimir:James: Talk to maker faire: Done by Dominic.
[20:11]Nachimir:David: Expenses policy for board members: Drafted. Action: Put on public list for discussion.
[20:12]msemtd:Dominic has acquired OCD Cleaners Ltd
[20:12]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:12]Nachimir:(Out of order)
[20:12]Nachimir:4. Storage in office of Dominic Morrow.
[20:13]Nachimir:Dominic is renting office in building. Costing £240 per month. Suggests we use some of it as storage for chair, etc., freeing more space up in workshop.
[20:13]Nachimir:Worried that if hackspace makes a contribution to it, that's hackspace money going back to him, so wanted to open it up to discussion.
[20:14]Nachimir:(A wild David Clarke appears!) Number of trustees: 6.
[20:14]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:14]Nachimir:Jake: Principally, Dominic needs space. Because we're using it, we shouldn't pay too little for that.
[20:14]Nachimir:Michael E: What percentage of the space will you use?
[20:15]Nachimir:Justin: You'll be wanting internet too, yes? Dominic: Complicated, can't run a cable from the hackspace.
[20:16]Nachimir:Dominic: Just to give more of a picture, have gone part time at work now and will be working on other ventures. Chose to have office here because it's far more convenient to be near hackspace.
[20:16]Nachimir:Dominic: Wanted to hear any questions and concerns.
[20:16]Nachimir:(Non-member): Don't imagine any concerns over access?
[20:16]Nachimir:Dominic: I'd leave a key in the safe here.
[20:17]Nachimir:Dominic: Means we 're not paying rent+deposit.
[20:17]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:17]Nachimir:James: How much of the space? Michael: Enough for chairs.
[20:18] LWK_mac joined the chat room.
[20:18]Nachimir:David: Should keep things that are useful to the hackspace, but not always used, i.e. chairs. Not crap. James: Yes, we can't use as dumping ground.
[20:19]Nachimir:Dominic suggests we see how much space we use, discuss figure at next meeting. All: No objections.
[20:19]Nachimir:3. Financial Update
[20:19]LWK_mac:Quick summary
[20:19]LWK_mac:Start bank balance: £4032.40
[20:19]LWK_mac:Out: £2,048.04
[20:19]LWK_mac:In: £1669.28
[20:19]LWK_mac:End: £3653.64
[20:19]LWK_mac:Paypal Start: £57.76
[20:19]LWK_mac:Paypal End: £43.76
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash Start balance: £97.08
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash In: £546.91
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash Out: £559.97
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash End: £84.02
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Members
[20:19]LWK_mac:Start: 118
[20:19]LWK_mac:New: 9
[20:19]LWK_mac:Ex: 0
[20:19]LWK_mac:End: 127
[20:19]LWK_mac:Average membership due: £12.89
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]In/out Breakdown
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Outgoings
[20:19]LWK_mac:BizSpace: £1,246.61
[20:19]LWK_mac:Talk talk: £28.74
[20:19]LWK_mac:Insurance: £65.39
[20:19]LWK_mac:Loan: £208.33
[20:19]LWK_mac:Other: £498.97
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Income
[20:19]LWK_mac:Membership dues: £1,594.28
[20:19]LWK_mac:Petty Cash Deposits: £
[20:19]LWK_mac:Workshops: £
[20:19]LWK_mac:Donations: £
[20:19]LWK_mac:Events: £
[20:19]LWK_mac:Pledges: £75
[20:22]Nachimir:James asks: On fixed income and fixed outgoings, did we break even? LWK: Yes.
[20:23]Nachimir:Matt Ll: Two months in row, electricity usage is up.
[20:23]Nachimir:Recently, £256 bill. Worst it's ever been.
[20:23]Nachimir:Dominic: Space is also being used more.
[20:24]Nachimir:James: Has anyone ever arrived at the space to find lights on and no one here?
[20:25]Nachimir:Dominic: Yes. More common though is all the lights on but everyone is in a small area.
[20:25]Nachimir:James: Not a massive issue, but the less we spend on electricity the more we can spend on tools.
[20:25]nh-holly:Door Opened by: pyroka (last seen 14d 01h 33m 34s ago)
[20:26]Nachimir:Dominic: We're buying units at a markup from Bizspace. It's how they make money, the rent in comparison to other units is dirt cheap.
[20:27]Nachimir:People need to feel empowered, to think that lights should be turned off rather than "That's been left on for a reason". New members need to be told where the light switches are. They're in weird places.
[20:27]Nachimir:It's everyone's job to keep the electricity bill low.
[20:27] LWK_mac left the chat room. (Quit: Quit)
[20:27]Nachimir:5. Pillar Drill
[20:28]Nachimir:Dominic: We've received a significant amount of the pledges, about £150. The one I proposed is about 270
[20:29]Nachimir:We're some way off then, for the pillar drill?
[20:29]Nachimir:James: We have another £95 pledged but not paid.
[20:30]Nachimir:David C: Have started a wiki page regarding pledge drives. Sometimes unclear: Collect cash and buy, or get commitments then buy and collect cash later.
[20:31]Nachimir:6. Hack-a-Day video
[20:31]Nachimir:Dominic: We ought to have a video for the space. We've talked about it a lot in the past year but not got around to it.
[20:32]Nachimir:Second, if we make a video tour of the space, automatically gets on hackaday.
[20:32]Nachimir:Third, people setting up a hackspace in Baghdad. A bunch of hackspaces around the world have said they're do a short video saying "Good luck Baghdad hackspace" <this is where we do electronics>, etc.
[20:33]ral:A light switch map would be very helpful.
[20:35]Nachimir:Jake and David have equipment. Dominic: Wants to suggest a day.
[20:35]Nachimir:James: Who's willing to take this on?
[20:35]Nachimir:Jake is, David H willing to help? Yes.
[20:35]Nachimir:(People talk about being too busy in October)
[20:36]Nachimir:Adam F suggests getting students. Dominic suggests no: Can't rely on them to do it quickly.
[20:36]Nachimir:(Dates knocked around). Dominic: Action: 18th November.
[20:37]Nachimir:7. Open Day for Business
[20:37]Nachimir:9. Pup up shop.
[20:37]Nachimir:(Pop up shop)
[20:38]Nachimir:Dominic: Charity called Ingite, exist to highlight STEM subjects.Have funding to hire a shop, which is in the Broadmarch from the 18th - end of October, possibly another week if successful. Number of partners: Nottingham City Council, Trent, others.
[20:39]Nachimir:ral: (I'll try to remember to bring it up in A.O.B.)
[20:40]Nachimir:We'd aim to have soldering workshops, zoetrope workshops, for people. Possibly some Pis and Arduinos around. Opportunity to engage local kids and their parents, as well as other organisations within the city.
[20:40]Nachimir:Lots of stakeholders have heard of us and are keen to visit. Good opportunity for us to get an in with them.
[20:41]Nachimir:James: At moment, volunteers are me and Dominic. Need more. (Adam F. volunteers).
[20:42]Nachimir:7 Open Day for Business
[20:43]Nachimir:Dominic: 18th October is a media day at the popup shop. People interested in that kind of thing, would like to take opportunity to invite local business to visit for an open day on a weekday.
[20:43]Nachimir:David: If relevant to their job, would rather visit on and evening or weekend.
[20:43]Nachimir:Dominic: Positions us to be taken seriously by other orgs.
[20:44]Nachimir:Jake: Date? Dominic: Haven't proposed one yet. Media day is on the 18th, yet to decide on our open day. 18th a good opportunity to hand out invites.
[20:44]Nachimir:Dominic: Likely to be a Wednesday daytime or Friday daytime.
[20:44]Nachimir:David C: After span of popup shop? Dominic: Yes.
[20:45]Nachimir:James suggests Thurs, for cleanup on Wednesday. Dominic argues well against.
[20:45]Nachimir:Action: Dominic to propose open day for business, get more volunteers.
[20:45]Nachimir:8. Stickers and Stuff
[20:46]Nachimir:Moo suggested, but stickers not very good and fairly expensive.
[20:46]Nachimir:David H: Has a good supplier.
[20:48]Nachimir:Action: Dominic to get quotes.
[20:48]Nachimir:David H outlines costs. James: Happy with up to 12p per sticker.
[20:51]Nachimir:(David checks diginate.com, James checks moo.com)
[20:51]Nachimir:10. Hack the space day
[20:51]Nachimir:James: Anyone going?
[20:51]Nachimir:David C. Got kind of hijacked by kids morning. Daniel: What times is it? 10:00 - 18:00
[20:52]Nachimir:James: Not in calendar, that's my fault.
[20:52]Nachimir:Just for everyone who wasn't in the room last month: We're doing a hack the space day on the first sunday of every month.
[20:52]Nachimir:What's on the list.
[20:53]Nachimir:(Asks James)
[20:53]Nachimir:(Sorting out print)
[20:53]Nachimir:11. Shelving
[20:54]Nachimir:Dominic: I'd quite like those blue shelves in the members room for my office.
[20:54]Nachimir:EVeryone says no.
[20:54]Nachimir:Matt Ll suggests they'd be useful in the workshop. James is no, Jake: Not particularly yes.
[20:54]Nachimir:Dominic: Put off by no one else being keen on the idea.
[20:55]Nachimir:So it's a no. David C: Racking in workshop. Friend of mine has donated [things unfamiliar to me]. We could clean up and paint. Considerable amountof shelving for the rough end of the space.
[20:56]Nachimir:Dominic: Oneof my problems with the blue shelving is that storage boxes we have don't fit well on it. David C. and I have discussed making custom made shelving for electronics area, storage boxes for workshop, etc.
[20:57]Nachimir:General discussion: Projects are currently being dumped in that room.
[20:58]Nachimir:Mouse suggests bigger members boxes as an option.
[20:58]Nachimir:Dominic objects.
[20:58]Nachimir:Jake: Suggests we have an area where mess is allowed, all in one place, so we can manage it rather than hiding it.
[20:59]Nachimir:James: Obviously need large project storage of some kind, but priority now is members boxes.
[21:01]Nachimir:James: Rough cost to make shelves for that room? Matt Ll: Probably about a tenner would get the same shelving as on far wall in box room. David C costed up custom racking for polytubs at £90.
[21:02]Nachimir:James: £100 budget? Votes: Majority say yes.
[21:02]Nachimir:Action: Matt Ll to cost shelves
[21:02]Nachimir:David Clarke presents list of actions for hack the space day.
[21:03]Nachimir:http://wiki.nottinghack.org.uk/wiki/Hacking_The_Space
[21:03]Nachimir:Dominic: Want to thank Mouse, who mopped kitchen and studio yesterday.
[21:04]nh-holly:Door opened
[21:04]Nachimir:A.O.B. David: Roger Light suggests we make a light switch map. Anyone willing to make? Matt Ll: Yeah, ok. (Action).
[21:05]Nachimir:Michael E: Has a hazard analysis matrix that we can use to produce risk assessments. Will leave on blue room table.
[21:05]Nachimir:(Doorbell also a priority)
[21:05]Nachimir:James: Anyone willing to take on a risk assessment? Dominic: Yes
[21:06]Nachimir:Dominic: Can we please throw the brown chairs out? They're against fire regs. James: Hack the space day, yes.
[21:07]Nachimir:Meeting over.
[21:07]Nachimir:James H immediately shouts "Alright bagsy laser cutter!"
