[20:04]Nachimir: Nottinghack board meeting about to begin, May 9th 2012
[20:04]nh-holly: Door opened
[20:04] LWK_mac joined the chat room.
[20:05]LWK_mac: !status
[20:05]nh-holly: Last man out switch: Open, 20 network devices seen in the last 10 minutes (most recent less than a minute ago). The door was last open 23s ago.
[20:05] ds1111 joined the chat room.
[20:06] ChickenGrylls joined the chat room.
[20:06] msemtd_ joined the chat room.
[20:07]Nachimir: Board members: Dominic (Remote) Matt Little, Matt Lloyd, David H, James H, Michael E, members: Andrew A, Kate B, Daniel, Jake H.
[20:07]Nachimir: 2. Actions update:
[20:07]Nachimir: (Marcus not present)
[20:07]Nachimir: James and Dominic: Not sorted constitutional proposal for potential banning of members yet.
[20:08]Nachimir: Marcus: Pledge for welding mask - done.
[20:08]Nachimir: Spray booth: Tony has moved away, max not present.
[20:08]Nachimir: Historical minutes: Sent to James, to be posted on wiki.
[20:08]Nachimir: Test files on Risograph: Not done yet.
[20:08]Nachimir: Pat: Proposal for area in which projects can be left for a few days: Not come back on it yet.
[20:09]Nachimir: Kate asks: What about event stuff? Why isn't that on there? (Loads has been done on that, by Kate)
[20:09] Geeks_iPad left the chat room. (Quit: Geeks_iPad)
[20:10]Nachimir: Item number something: Mini maker faire, events.
[20:10]Nachimir: Kate has filled out forms, etc. for us. Proposes that anything people bring to the maker faire, we ask "Can we take this for Derby MMF"
[20:11]Nachimir: James asks Dominic if there will be a soldering table, that we run. Dominic: Will have a better idea after next Friday. Question of funding at the moment.
[20:11]Nachimir: James says: Would be a good idea to run that, right next to Nottinghack stall.
[20:12]Nachimir: Matt: We have about 120 badge clips, but only 50 with clips.
[20:13]Nachimir: We either need to get a whole load more done, or ask Beta Layouts again.
[20:14]Nachimir: Matt says he could make them cheaper. Current battery clip is 37p, could find a much cheaper one.
[20:15]Nachimir: Dominic asks: Matt, is he proposing that we go back and ask Beta Layouts and ask for more sponsored ones? Otherwise, quite expensive. Badge boards are about €1 each
[20:15]Nachimir: (Correction) Matt Little: Yes, ask them to support us again. Otherwise, quite expensive. Badge boards are about €1 each
[20:16]ChickenGrylls: action for me
[20:17]Nachimir: Dominic has been in touch with Beta, thinks we're in a good position to ask.
[20:17]Nachimir: Matt Little would like to redesign. Also, £30 for battery clips for old ones we have left.
[20:17]Nachimir: All in favour.
[20:17]ChickenGrylls: Aye
[20:17]Nachimir: Matt Lloyd: Would like to send £30ish on relays for the lighting automation project.
[20:18]Nachimir: James: Will attempt to create a demo to take to Maker Faire, but will see how it goes.
[20:18]Nachimir: All in favour of relays? (All in favour so far)
[20:19]ChickenGrylls: What is the date/
[20:19]Nachimir: Matt Lloyd: Maker Faire Manchester. Are we going?
[20:19]Nachimir: Kate: Can arrange things, can't go.
[20:19]Nachimir: Dominic: Might be quite a good trip. Can visit museum, hacklab, etc.
[20:19]Nachimir: James: It's a really good museum.
[20:20]Nachimir: Kate: Action, to find out what we can do at Manchester mini maker faire.
[20:20]Nachimir: Dominic: Doesn't cost for makers, only really if you're a commercial business.
[20:20]ChickenGrylls: I wouldn't mention selling stuff at Manchester
[20:21]ChickenGrylls: ..yet
[20:22]Nachimir: James: We'll look into crashing at Hacman, or hostel, etc.
[20:22]ChickenGrylls: Backpackers would be good again
[20:22]Nachimir: Was about £18 each for hostel in Newcastle.
[20:22]Nachimir: David Clarke asked James to bring up Hack the Space, which he's been doing on Tuesday nights.
[20:23]Nachimir: He's put a list on the wiki, thinks it would be good to get done before the open day, but would like help.
[20:24]Nachimir: Nottinghack stall: Kate says "I'll fucking do it". David H to help.
[20:25]Nachimir: Kate, events:
[20:25]Nachimir: Three we can definitely do. Green festival, 10th June, £10.
[20:25]Nachimir: Matt Little: Will be there.
[20:25]ChickenGrylls: Ok Kate
[20:25]Nachimir: Dominic: Want instructions on how to do pinhole cameras.
[20:26]ChickenGrylls: Yes no problem
[20:26]ChickenGrylls: we need to try and see if the one at the Windmill worked
[20:26]Nachimir: Snienton Market: 30th of June, very local, £15.
[20:26]Nachimir: Awaiting paperwork.
[20:26]ChickenGrylls: and also the ones from Derby Makers
[20:26]Nachimir: I hope you're not talking to me Dominic, because I'm busy taking minutes
[20:27]ChickenGrylls: Just getting comments in the minutes
[20:27]Nachimir: Riverside Festival, £162. 3 - 5th of August.
[20:27]Nachimir: Matt Little: First two, definitely. Riverside, probably not as useful to us.
[20:28]Nachimir: Not quite the right fit for Nottingham Hackspace
[20:28]Nachimir: (Dominic's battery is running low)
[20:28]Nachimir: Dominic: Agree, we should find more niche events.
[20:29]Nachimir: James: Are you allowed to just rock up and sell stuff? Matt Little: No, definitely not.
[20:29]Nachimir: James: We got £280 from the Wollaton Hall event. Matt Little: But that was a science festival.
[20:29]Nachimir: James: We could sell a shed load of EL wire.
[20:30]Nachimir: Michael E: We'd be competing with the people selling cheap light up toys.
[20:30]Nachimir: Dominic: Matt Little is right about the commitment required for it. I don't think we'd get enough enthusiasm from members to sustain for three days.
[20:31]Nachimir: James: So vote yes to Green Festival and Snienton Market, but no to Riverside? Ayes from all.
[20:31]Nachimir: Kate: Summer is pretty intensive as is (Lists events, inc. maker faire, open day). Michael: We should have a long break weekend, where we all do star jumps for 24 hours.
[20:33]ChickenGrylls: Empower the membership
[20:34]Nachimir: Jake: Need to get confirmed people coming along.
[20:34]Nachimir: Not maybes.
[20:34]Nachimir: A.O.B
[20:35]Nachimir: Matt Little: Battery clips: Cost would be £38.40 from Rapid. (No objections).
[20:35]Nachimir: Money already spent on those parts: £43.16p. Also sent a bat detector kit to Hitchen Hackspace, owed £17. (No objections)
[20:37]Nachimir: Other thing: Buying Drawdio kits from Brighton Hackspace. Will do them for £5, we can sell for about 10. Matt asked for 25 or 50. He probably would do it. Packed in 12s.
[20:37]Nachimir: Dominic: Ask for 30 days terms?
[20:37]nh-holly: Door opened
[20:37]Nachimir: James: 24 on 30 days terms? £120ish.
[20:38]Nachimir: Matt Lloyd: Brighton are at Derby Makers, so will be selling them themselves.
[20:38]ChickenGrylls: 24 kits
[20:38]ChickenGrylls: We also have POV kits to sell
[20:39]Nachimir: David H: Plenty of other kits were being made in the soldering area at the Maker Faire.
[20:39]Nachimir: Dominic: No agreement yet on where kits are sold.
[20:39]Nachimir: at DMMF
[20:39]Nachimir: On balance: People think to not bother with Drawdio kits until we have the spare cash.
[20:40]Nachimir: ChickenGrylls, we've lost you on Skype.
[20:41]Nachimir: (Dominic returns. Ish)
[20:41]Nachimir: AOB from Dominic: Still haven't heard back from Bizspace regarding rent. Was assured yesterday he'd hear today, chased up both days. Not heard yet.
[20:41]Nachimir: Rent due three days ago. Think we should pay it immediately.
[20:42]Nachimir: Matt and James: We should negotiate the new contract first.
[20:43]Nachimir: Matt: Bill was for May, electricity falls in last year.
[20:44]Nachimir: Dominic: Going to get in touch and escalate.
[20:44]Nachimir: Other AOB from Dominic: Keen to invite other hackspaces to visit Nottinghack during DMMF.
[20:45]Nachimir: Dominic thinking to invite them over on the Friday evening, before the makers day.
[20:45]Nachimir: Kate: Friday pre-party, essentially.
[20:46]Nachimir: Matt: Only if it doesn't take away from the things we're organising at DMMF.
[20:47]Nachimir: Jake: Unless we get an abundance of people volunteering, I think a no.
[20:47]Nachimir: Dominic: I think we can trust some of them with door codes, etc.
[20:48]Nachimir: Overall, a yes to them visiting the hackspace.
[20:49]Nachimir: More AOB from Matt Little: Board Elections.
[20:49]Nachimir: James: Dominic and he need to sort out constitution.
[20:49]Nachimir: Dominic: Need to set a date.
[20:50]Nachimir: James: Between the open day and the party, because more members will be around.
[20:50]Nachimir: plus voting by email.
[20:50]Nachimir: Unanimously in favour.
[20:50]Nachimir: Final item: Financial update
[20:51]Nachimir: Matt Lloyd: Depends on how next year's contract shakes out and how membership grows.
[20:51]Nachimir: If nothing changes, we'll last until September.
[20:53]Nachimir: New members in last month: 7 new, 2, possibly 3 ceased. Average membership has gone up slightly.
[20:54]Nachimir: Suggest we set up an overdraft in the next month and a half, just in case. Memberships in and bill out are out of sync slightly.
[20:54]Nachimir: James: Could we get a grant from anywhere.
[20:54]Nachimir: Dominic: Not the moment to solve the problem, lets just get the facts.
[20:55]Nachimir: Matt Little: Need to get rental agreement sorted. James: Could we get Matt access to the bank account? Dominic: His action to do that, and get overdraft.
[20:55]Nachimir: Matt Ll: £500 - £1000 would give us enough leeway to make sure we're covering any gaps in timing on fees in and bills out.
[20:55]Nachimir: Ended April with £2581 in the bank.
[20:57]Nachimir: Made a profit.
[20:57]Nachimir: James: DMMF is one of the biggest recruitment events we could possibly have.
[20:58]Nachimir: Not conflict between us and Derby Makers: It's an offshoot of Nottinghack, and we have different offers.
[20:58]Nachimir: James: Don't want us to be putting down Derby Makers at DMMF. We need people on stand to be clear on that.
[20:59]Nachimir: ( Chickengrylls, the battery has run out on the iPad. Matt Lloyd is getting his out)
[20:59]ChickenGrylls: No worries
[21:01]Nachimir: James: AOAOB? Everyone: No.
[21:01]Nachimir: Meeting over!
