[20:15]Nachimir:Nottingham Hackspace monthly meeting about to start: 01/08/2012
[20:15] LWK_mac joined the chat room.
[20:16]Nachimir:Present: Jake H, Gill, David H, David C, Craig P, Daniel, Matt Lloyd, Kate B.
[20:17] kim-jonggill joined the chat room.
[20:17]Nachimir:Actions: Redesign spray booth to allow welding.
[20:17]Nachimir:Everyone: WTF?
[20:17]Nachimir:Closed, we're not doing that. Unanimous.
[20:18]Nachimir:2. Add historical minutes to wiki. David: Done, James' bit: Not done.
[20:18]Nachimir:David C: did we get last month's minutes? Kate: Yes.
[20:18]Nachimir:3. Proposal for large project area? No (We seem to be managing).
[20:18]Nachimir:4. Code lock on front door, Matt L: Done.
[20:19]Nachimir:Item 2. Financial update.
[20:19]LWK_mac:Quick summary
[20:19]LWK_mac:Start bank balance: £2,493.98
[20:19]LWK_mac:Out: £1,148.54
[20:19]LWK_mac:In: £2,645.28
[20:19]Nachimir:Jake: The financial update is that Matt is enjoying a delicious burger.
[20:19]LWK_mac:End: £3,512.64(bank said £3,481.83)
[20:19]LWK_mac:Paypal Start: £57.76
[20:19]LWK_mac:Paypal End: £57.76
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash Start balance: £177.33
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash In: £384.77
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash Out: £441.50
[20:19]LWK_mac:Cash End: £120.60
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Members
[20:19]LWK_mac:Start: 96
[20:19] ChickenGrylls left the chat room. (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)
[20:19]LWK_mac:New: 11
[20:19]LWK_mac:Ex: 0
[20:19]LWK_mac:End: 107
[20:19]LWK_mac:Average membership due: £13.16
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]In/out Breakdown
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Outgoings
[20:19]LWK_mac:BizSpace: £ 1,154.16
[20:19]LWK_mac:Talk talk: £28.74
[20:19]LWK_mac:Insurance: £65.39
[20:19]LWK_mac:Loan: £208.33
[20:19]LWK_mac:Other: £170.00
[20:19]LWK_mac:[edit]Income
[20:19]LWK_mac:Membership dues: £1,319.28
[20:19]LWK_mac:Petty Cash Deposits: £136
[20:19]LWK_mac:Workshops: £1,150.00
[20:19]LWK_mac:Donations: £40.00
[20:19]LWK_mac:Events: £
[20:19]LWK_mac:Pledges: £
[20:20]Nachimir:Matt Ll: We are at 107 concurrent paying members, average membership is down to £13.16p
[20:21]Nachimir:110 is our break even membership goal.
[20:22]Nachimir:Bank balance looks healthier than it is, we owe Oomlout for kits.
[20:23]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd, David H: Member audit then code change.
[20:23]Nachimir:Recorded as an action.
[20:24]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd: We need to sort out bank account. Possibly different account type, name change, and more access for board members.
[20:25]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd steps up to be new treasurer.
[20:27]Nachimir:Item 3: EMF ticket draw.
[20:27]Nachimir:Four names, Jake Rolling a dice to determine.
[20:27]Nachimir:First result: Andrew Armstrong.
[20:28]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:28]Nachimir:(Andrew's number four times in a row).
[20:28]Nachimir:Second result: Wendy Gent
[20:29]Nachimir:Item 4: Vending Machine payments
[20:30]Nachimir:Daniel voices a few options: Nominated members people can pay, or a jar.
[20:30]Nachimir:(Andrew Armstrong joins the meeting)
[20:30]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:30]Nachimir:People generally in favour of nominated members. Matt Little in charge of stock.
[20:31]Nachimir:(Some questions fly by too fast for me)
[20:31]Nachimir:Dominic: Will there be an option to pay online?
[20:31]Nachimir:Matt and Daniel: Yes, bank transfer would be doable.
[20:32]Nachimir:David H: We could use the old key safe to keep the money.
[20:33]Nachimir:David C: At the moment, only the person who bought something knows they owe the money? Daniel and Matt: No, it records sales right now.
[20:33]Nachimir:Jake: So we can leave you with it and talk about it at a later meeting? Daniel: Yes. The only other thing is emailing members to notify what they owe and request payment.
[20:34]Nachimir:David H: Whatever emails go out could have the banking details in too?
[20:34]Nachimir:(We're going to bikeshed, move to mailing list and later meeting).
[20:35]Nachimir:Item 5: Board membership/companies house confirmation of directors.
[20:36]Nachimir:David C: I can't do that, but one of the existing board members needs.
[20:36]Nachimir:to change details on Companies House.
[20:36]Nachimir:Matt Lloyd: Me and David could do. David: Companies House have some good services for filing.
[20:37]Nachimir:Action: Matt Lloyd and David H to contact new board members and sort this.
[20:37]Nachimir:Item 6: Young Rewired State: Access, etc.
[20:38]Nachimir:David C: I'm going to be present to open up, and will be around during the day.
[20:40]Nachimir:Matt Ll, various: Courtney will need all door codes. David H: Just after YRS probably a good time to do the code change.
[20:41]Nachimir:Item 7: A.O.B.
[20:41]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:46]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:47] ChickenGrylls joined the chat room.
[20:49]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:50]Nachimir:Item 8: Discretionary spending of trustees.
[20:50]Nachimir:David H: Need clarification of exactly what directors can spend, when, and not.
[20:50]Nachimir:Various: There haven't been any problematic instances of it so far.
[20:51]Nachimir:David: The understanding and systems we have, have been vague and have various potentials to go wrong.
[20:51]Nachimir:Action: David H to draft a policy on discretionary spending.
[20:51]Nachimir:Other ideas floated: A minority of directors can vote on smaller amounts?
[20:52]Nachimir:David C: Have we had a list of rules from Bizspace about use of the space?
[20:52]Nachimir:Dominic: It's on the back of the contract, it's not very long.
[20:52]Nachimir:David C: It's recently been put up in the hall near the lift.
[20:53]Nachimir:Dominic: Wouldn't worry about it too much.
[20:54]Nachimir:David C: Went to ask building manager, raised lights on stairwell as a safety issue. Said the man who does it was on holiday. David C fixed it and charged him.
[20:54]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:54]Nachimir:I'm starving. This is the longest 40 minutes of my life 
[20:55]Nachimir:Jake: AOAOB?
[20:55]Nachimir:Everyone: No.
[20:55]Nachimir:Kate: Um.
[20:55]Nachimir:Jake: Ok, no, good.
[20:55]Nachimir:Meeting closed.
