[21:03]Nachimir:Nottinghack Board meeting, January the 4th about to begin.
[21:03]Nachimir:Hello
[21:05]Nachimir:Roll call: Dominic M, Kate B, Andrew A, David H, Daniel, Hayley T, Liz.
[21:05]Nachimir:Item 2: Actions.
[21:07]Nachimir:Only action done: Gas costs done. All others: Either not complete, or members not present. Most carried to next month.
[21:08]Nachimir:Action: Dominic to send chaser email out to people.
[21:08]Nachimir:Tony S: Has measurements for spray booth/shed, but not costs. Will complete next week.
[21:08]Nachimir:Item 3: Financial Update
[21:08]Nachimir:http://wiki.nottinghack.org.uk/wiki/Financials_December_2011
[21:09]Nachimir:Start bank balance: £1929.04
[21:09]Nachimir:Out: £748.52
[21:09]Nachimir:In: £1069.52
[21:09]Nachimir:End: £2050.14
[21:09]Nachimir:Paypal Start: £35.76
[21:09]Nachimir:Paypal End: £35.76
[21:09]Nachimir:Membership: Start: 68
[21:09]Nachimir:New: 6
[21:09]Nachimir:Ex: 0
[21:09]Nachimir:End: 74
[21:09]Nachimir:Average membership due: £13.87
[21:09]Nachimir:In/Out Breakdown:
[21:09]Nachimir:Outgoings
[21:09]Nachimir:BizSpace: £576
[21:09]Nachimir:Talk talk: £28.74
[21:09]Nachimir:Other: £143.78
[21:09]Nachimir:Income
[21:09]Nachimir:Membership dues: £956.62
[21:09]Nachimir:Donations: £
[21:09]Nachimir:Events: £
[21:09]Nachimir:Pledges: £103
[21:09]Nachimir:Workshops: £10
[21:10]Nachimir:Financials end.
[21:14]Nachimir:Item 4: EMF Camp
[21:15]nh-holly:Door Opened
[21:15]Nachimir:Dominic describes CCC: Massive camp at an airbase in Germany for electronics, coding and crafts. Jonty and Russ have formed a company to run a similar camp in the UK. Donnington looking like the favourite location, and Nottingham Hackspace will probably be involved in some capacity.
[21:16]Nachimir:If people available for those dates, look at the website and register your interest: www.emfcamp.org Will be in the summer, probably in August.
[21:16]LWK_mac:still early days for organising untill site is confirmed,
[21:17]Nachimir:(Yeah, lots of "probably" in Dominic's description)
[21:17]Nachimir:No questions.
[21:17]Nachimir:Item 5: Keeping the space clean.
[21:18]nh-holly:Door Opened by: NondoX (last seen 02h 54m 10s ago)
[21:18]Nachimir:Board have authorised purchase of a good quality mop bucket (i.e. industrial).
[21:18]Nachimir:Dominic proposes: Hiring a cleaner. Everyone generally agrees so far.
[21:19]Nachimir:Andrew Armstrong suggests: Ask building management if anyone else gets a cleaner in, might be a cheaper option for us. Action for Dominic.
[21:21]Nachimir:Dominic: We could ask the cleaner that does commmunal spaces, but would rather have someone we can fire if they're rubbish.
[21:21] Rahlon left the chat room. (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
[21:22]Nachimir:Item 6: Sponsoring a Makership for LVL1 ( http://www.lvl1.org/2012/01/01/lvl1-awarding-two-new-makerships-in-2012/ )
[21:22]Nachimir:Dominic describes makership programme.
[21:22]Nachimir:Suggests it would be nice for us to sponsor one.
[21:23]Nachimir:Dominic proposes $60, as they ask sponsors to send $5 per month.
[21:23] Rahlon joined the chat room.
[21:25]Nachimir:Hayley suggests we run one right now, then sponsor one elsewhere later.
[21:25]LWK_mac:aye
[21:25]Nachimir:David H: Other way around. Better off sponsoring one for good PR now, and running our own much later. Latter has other overheads beyond the money.
[21:25]Nachimir:Kate: We should speak to LVL1.
[21:26]Nachimir:(Action: Dominic to chase James H on insurance policy)
[21:26]Nachimir:Action: Kate to email LVL1 about hackership.
[21:26]Nachimir:*makership
[21:26]Nachimir:Action: Dominic to raise it on mailing list.
[21:27]Nachimir:Item 7: A.O.B.
[21:29]Nachimir:David: Global Game Jam going ahead. Action: Raise on mailing list, draft blog post.
[21:29]Nachimir:Andrew: Window being fixed?
[21:29]Nachimir:Dominic: They've been measured this week and will apparently be fixed in a few days.
[21:31]Nachimir:Hayley: We moved in the 2nd of May? Are we going to commemorate in any way?
[21:31]Nachimir:Dominic: Our second birthday will be the 13th of February.
[21:31]Nachimir:David: Suggests one for an open day, one for a members party.
[21:32]Nachimir:David: Think May would be better for an open day, weather better, people more inclined to go out.
[21:33]Nachimir:Dominic: February, second birthday of Nottinghack party for members.
[21:33]Nachimir:Kate: 5th of May, bank holiday might be a good day.
[21:33] Rahlon left the chat room. (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
[21:33]Nachimir:Action: Kate to take on members party for February.
[21:34]Nachimir:Action: May open day to be added to next agenda.
[21:35]Nachimir:(Late Entry: Pat).
[21:35] Rahlon joined the chat room.
[21:38]nh-holly:Door Bell
[21:38]Nachimir:Dominic: Proposed weekend of workshops, as soon as February, with whole weekend of workshops of various types.
[21:38]nh-holly:Door Opened
[21:38]Nachimir:Kate, David: Too soon. Would negatively affect attendance.
[21:39]Nachimir:Hayley: A lot of organisation to do with teachers too.
[21:40]Nachimir:We should go out and ask who wants to run what.
[21:41]Nachimir:Dominic suggests early March, 3rd and 4th. We could push it back to April, but people wouldn't think about it until too late.
[21:43] parag0n_ joined the chat room.
[21:43]Nachimir:Dominic: "There's no way, that Maker Faire will be the first weekend in March" *laughter from all*
[21:44]Nachimir:Actions: Dominic to rough out idea for it. Approach potential teachers for it.
[21:44]Nachimir:(Some discussion of who might like to run workshops).
[21:44]Nachimir:Meeting closed.
