[20:05]Nachimir:Nottinghack members meeting about to start, 06/02/2013. Roll call: David H, Dominic M, James H, Matt Ll, David C, Jake H, Michelle S, James F, Russell H, Daniel, Gill Z, Michael E, Lionel, Ian D, Michael W.
[20:05] gmjhowe joined the chat room.
[20:05]Nachimir:Kate B joins.
[20:05]Nachimir:Item 1: Action update.
[20:05]Nachimir:1. Pick up club mate: No. dominic: Going to manchester in future, but no schedule.
[20:06]Nachimir:2. Organise Festivus party. (Huh. Done).
[20:06]Nachimir:3. Cleaning quote: Not asked Joyce yet. Dominic: Does David C fancy asking?
[20:06]Nachimir:Adam F joins
[20:06]Nachimir:Matt Little joins
[20:06] Aeish joined the chat room.
[20:07] Aeish is now known as Froggy.
[20:07]Nachimir:4. Buy event shelter in February. Dominic: Can borrow mine at any point. We should probably wait until May. Kate: If the weather is good, we might sell out.
[20:08]Nachimir:Kate: They're heavy, need a driver to take to events too.
[20:08] msemtd joined the chat room.
[20:08]Nachimir:5. Liase with other hackspaces re: maker faire. Dominic: Ongoing. Kate: Nottinghack application has been accepted. Asked to be near UK makerspaces, but no details on that yet.
[20:10]Nachimir:6. Cost new shelves for members room: Matt Lloyd - prices added to wiki. Need to look at trade prices from Travis Perkins. David C: £68.52 from TRavis Perkins, 18mm ply.
[20:11]Nachimir:Delivery £18, but rep said free delivery.
[20:12]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:12]Nachimir:7. Hackspace video: David and Jake to list members with projects needed for cutaways.
[20:13]Nachimir:Dominic: We're going to be on BBC Click on the 16th Feb, in LeftLion next month. Would be good to get it done before either.
[20:14]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:15]Nachimir:8. Draft Expenses policy posted to list: Not done due to conflict on list. On wiki though.
[20:15]Nachimir:9. Talk to Wendy about lathe expenses for wood lathe: Done.
[20:15]Nachimir:10. Pay David Clarke's expenses for wood lathe: Done.
[20:15]Nachimir:11. Email list regarding historic wood lathe pledges. Done.
[20:16]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:16]Nachimir:12. Pillar drill: Done.
[20:16]Nachimir:13. Quotes for stickers: Kate, not done yet.
[20:17]Nachimir:14: Masks and PPE: Mouse away, not done yet. No filters for spray mask yet.
[20:17]Nachimir:15. Guidance for new members: Kate and David: Drafted, needs more work.
[20:18]Nachimir:16. Acquire parts draws and stock of fixings, David C: Parts drawers acquired and up, first batch of fixings ordered today. Another order next week.
[20:19]Nachimir:would like to include in that: A couple of thousand suitably sized labels. Still money for that left in budget.
[20:19]Nachimir:17. Buy large gas cannister for welding: Russell. Not done yet.
[20:19]Nachimir:18. Documentations for young hackers, James H. Written, but not posted yet.
[20:19]Nachimir:19. Research lone worker alarm device, Dominic: Not done.
[20:20]Nachimir:20. Monthly snackspace run: James and Dominic: Done.
[20:20]Nachimir:21. Re-run numbers on hackspace loan.
[20:20]Nachimir:(Matt Lloyd - not done yet)
[20:20]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:20]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:21]Nachimir:22. Make offer on CNC machine: David H: Done, budget agreed at board meeting was too low for Ash.
[20:21]Nachimir:23. Obtain quote for servicing knitting machines: Dominic. Not done. Kate: We have people interested in looking at them and giving demos.
[20:22]Nachimir:24. Produce Do not hack guidance. Dominic: Written, but not posted yet because of mailing list troubles.
[20:23]Nachimir:Actions done for now.
[20:23]Nachimir:Item 3: Financial update.
[20:23]Nachimir:Matt: Not today.
[20:23]Nachimir:Jake: No, you misunderstand. We've got to the point in the agenda where…
[20:23]Nachimir:Matt: Um, we spent some money, we got new members…
[20:24]Nachimir:Jake: Oh, this is the big overview is it?
[20:24]Nachimir:Some laughter.
[20:24]Nachimir:Matt: Sorry, can't right now because the spreadsheet take a lot of work to update. Dominic: Well we shouldn't agree any expenditure at this meeting then.
[20:24]Nachimir:Item 4: Wall of faces. Kate: Have been pricing up cork tiles.
[20:25]Nachimir:Jake: Well unfortunately this is expenditure we could do with agreeing tonight. About £70 for shelves and £30 for cork.
[20:25] kimjonggill left the chat room. (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)
[20:25]Nachimir:Kate: Matt just found a stack of cork tiles for £9.
[20:26]Nachimir:When we mentioned this on the list, someone said they'd make a frame for it. We could just do that, and glue it, nail it, whatever you do to stick the cork on that wall.
[20:27]Nachimir:Dominic: I think David Clarke is going to explode.
[20:27]Nachimir:(some discussion about sticking them on a board rather than directly to the wall).
[20:27]Nachimir:Agreed for Matt to buy one pack of floor tiles for £9.
[20:28]Nachimir:Jake: What about the shelves?
[20:28]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:28]Nachimir:David H: Member count is 144 at present. We can probably afford those shelves.
[20:29]Nachimir:Dominic: There are a bunch of ex-members boxes in there. Do we need to do it now?
[20:29]Nachimir:James: We have to wait a few months though, because we can't just throw people's shit away immediately.
[20:30]Nachimir:James: Do we need to do it this month? When will the mill be done? That accounts for availability of the shelf builder…
[20:30]Nachimir:Dominic: Probably don't need to do anything on this before the 1st of March.
[20:30]Nachimir:No objections.
[20:31] NondoX joined the chat room.
[20:31]Nachimir:Michael E: Still on wall of faces. We're not actually getting the thing done. We should just be putting pictures up regardless of cork. I'd like people to add more to the wiki page so we can stick them up.
[20:32]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:32]Nachimir:Jake: If people don't have pictures of themselves they like, I can take nice portraits.
[20:32]NondoX:sorry im late hotel wifi is pants.
[20:32]NondoX:is there a camera available at teh hackspace to take `wall of faces` pics with?
[20:32]Nachimir:(I'll email the minutes out later Tom)
[20:32]NondoX:ok
[20:33]Nachimir:Action: Adam F: Prit loads of images off flickr to go on the wall of faces.
[20:33]Nachimir:*print
[20:33]Nachimir:Item 5. Superfast broadband. Daniel: That's it really do we want superfast broadband? Everyone: Yes. Wait. How much extra?
[20:33]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:34]Nachimir:Daniel: £20 extra per month, 24 month contract.
[20:34]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:34]Nachimir:Dominic: There will still be a hackspace in 24 months. We should have the best broadband we can get.
[20:35]Nachimir:James: We don't need to be in a contract like that to get fast broadband. Need to look into costs like switching, moving, etc.
[20:36]Nachimir:James: My worry is whether we could move with the contract. Whose name is it in? Dominic: Nottingham Hackspace ltd.
[20:36]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:36]Nachimir:James: Let's do it then.
[20:36]Nachimir:Russell: Friend of mine has two dark fibres that ring the country, looking for a business to use it in Nottingham. 24 month commitment might preclude us from that.
[20:37]Nachimir:Dominic: Price it up as an option.
[20:37]Nachimir:Jake: Is this something that can wait a month? People: Yes, requires more research.
[20:37]Nachimir:Action: Daniel to do more research and present at the next meeting.
[20:38]Nachimir:James: Wifi is getting quite overloaded on the open hack nights now. 250 IP addresses, the number of devices people are bringing is actually close to using it up. Need to fix it.
[20:39]Nachimir:David: Wifi in workshop completely broken too.
[20:39]Nachimir:Item 6: A.O.B.
[20:39]Nachimir:Adam F: Gemucon coming up in Nottingham, have a lot of cosplayers. They could do with a workshop with glue guns etc. to stick bits of costumes together. Sent them email.
[20:40]Nachimir:Would be a good opportunity to promote the hackspace. Dominic: Possibly have a fringe event at the hackspace.
[20:40]Nachimir:Kate: Can sort a fix-it-kit.
[20:41]Nachimir:AOB from Dominic: propose we have a hack the website day. Well, not hack it, you know what I mean.
[20:41]Nachimir:Upcoming media focus, there's a bunch of information that's out of date. We should clean it up before we're getting all of that promotion.
[20:42]Nachimir:Suggest we come in on a weekend day, get a load of pizzas, all sort it out.
[20:42] emilepet_ left the chat room. (Remote host closed the connection)
[20:44]Nachimir:Dominic calls for people to step up. *tumbleweed* 
[20:44]Nachimir:Matt Little: There's an arduino workshop being run by people other than the main core of active members.
[20:44]nh-holly:Door Opened by: Joe D (last seen 2d 23h 13m 20s ago)
[20:44]Nachimir:Dominic: Keen for more people to get involved in doing stuff.
[20:45]nh-holly:Door opened
[20:46]Nachimir:Kate suggests 13th, 14th, or 15th. James: 14th is open hack.
[20:47]Nachimir:Michael: It's as quick to make the fix as it is to write it down for someone else to do. Kate: Not the case for all pages.
[20:47]Nachimir:James: Michael, that doesn't empower other people to feel like they can do stuff.
[20:48]Nachimir:Dominic: We've got this media stuff coming up, the website needs fixing.
[20:48]Nachimir:Michael W: Getting together would allow us to do some look and feel work. Website doesn't work really well on low end devices, might be able to work on that.
[20:49]Nachimir:(Some people could do the 15th).
[20:50]Nachimir:General agreement: Friday the 15th. Mchael E: We have a website page on the wiki, and a to do list. Can see problems already, but don't have access to fix necessarily.
[20:51]Nachimir:So I'll update the to do list. Dominic: Kate has been updating for the past few months, and without that, we'd have nothing new up there.
[20:52]Nachimir:End of A.O.B. Meeting closed.
